chore(curriculum): add responsive piano workshop (#56734)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-piano/612ea97df5742154772f312e.md

---
id: 612ea97df5742154772f312e
title: Step 17
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-17
---

# --description--

> Give the `.key.black--key::after` a `position` property set to `absolute` and a `left` property set to `-18px`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `.key.black--key::after` selector, add a `position` property set to `absolute` and a `left` property set to `-18px`. This will position the pseudo-element absolutely relative to its nearest positioned ancestor, allowing for precise placement on the page.

```
